Rebrand RoF to Auto Tiering (#2662)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rs/installing-upgrading/install/plan-deployment/hardware-requirements.md

Active-Active databases have a lower threshold for activating the eviction policy, because it requires propagation to all participating clusters. The eviction policy starts to evict keys when one of the Active-Active instances reaches 80% of its memory limit.
{{</note>}}

> ### Auto Tiering database sizing {#redis-on-flash-sizing}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Sizing databases with Auto Tiering enabled  {#redis-on-flash-sizing}
```

> Additional factors for sizing Auto Tiering databases:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additional factors for sizing  databases with Auto Tiering enabled:
```
